that would stop me now
interested in how many videos wanted to pro
week so I would so though so I
Do not know if two three or four are super
mario and yes this is my first round
night a week minecraft break there me
yes a month was in new york and halo
send reach no I'm just doing
just fine, and yes in the video
I just do a little bit now
pvp
I hope that maybe someday
sword or so must get dangerous
that here too you get very upset
protected under it and yes me
could do a bit more about mine
new york or bremen because of it
you are very interested
So I have dark cream too
twitter and thus get and after
This year , I'll do it
Just a little left or
instagram twitter of course in the
description
I also have a lot on Instagram
Wilder tasted in any case
stop by and the holiday was in itself
more cool so there's nothing I can do
not cool , we found my Eisenstadt
you choose violence extremely loosely but okay
so the holiday on the mégane ice and
then you're probably interested
also very much when does the block come out
I was missing a lot and it was
I'll lawyer sometime in one
block I cut together will there has
also bring out something good so
so indeed been some time a
a little bit similar he is running quite well
and that's why I give my best
but of course I have already now
again so gradually school stress
So many work and so is clever
and yes, I do my best
ok wack in the no matter okay that is
not so good
ok oh i just stop and yes as I said
Just drop by esther grether
then you are halfway up the road
latest version
and then do just the next question to
you there now again the normal
everyday comes into force, so to speak exactly
how many videos will you see per week
So because I I have it stop
class work and so and yes if very
a lot of shit but I came today
home from york and have up to 30 hours
long or not planned
and I know from the golfer but eh
I okay it have long may not know
that's why he's looking for some sister
then I 'm sorry
you also think you're done
a piste ok jiji and yes otherwise you have
please write how many videos you
and of course that also has with the
shape days I know
not if I should do it again or
Not
because I can not do that in winter
for film and I want to stop the cities
even more so special and
That's why I do not shit
rauszuhauen
So then we really only says
I also liked it like that and
That's why I would still a bit
wait until the weather gets better again
okay I died there and yes there
I would say she must be right in the
next round
both landline more often came
aki mountain also a lot of cool
men and yes I do I do it today
unclear couple of little puppy dogs and ok
directly a sword mixes that take
directly to defend us though the
box
and now is school going again could
one we write your first day of school
was
maybe you already have
monday depends on which country
used to because we live in Baden württemberg
have only since today
since we have this holy three kings father
came to see exactly that we have one
survive a bit
maybe a bit high
Of course, and yes, the embarrassing with
shit exceptions is just something
But everything is still tired
and yes , of course, then will be synonymous
everything is easy again I wanted
It has brought my round war because
It has been very well received by you
I am also in the last videos
Seen the best, that's what comes to you
Simply the best
and then after that, we'll do it well
that has and yes okay there sounds
which league
there is someone the production
How can I not get to fuck me
to you of you
I also stop without a week
long a minecraft and that is here
So my first two round the Sun.
also just on piece everything comes good
first time live course which brings nothing
if i become the inhabitant i will depend
stopped ok and so the block out
get the new york
I think he is really cool so I
I have to give a lot of effort
I still have to cut film
and yes, that would stop me now
interested in how many videos wanted to pro
week so I would be so though I would
do not know if they are two three or four
So much would be then already a lot
So I do not think so
and then I do not know if two
or three so two or three videos per
week you can think that I come
Write I'm still so relative
undecided so raushauen everything
can and there will be if again
come back more often and sometimes less often
but really if he is a week
is with math class in chemistry
let French class work
there is time by stop as well
football club okay then I'm here
died were third were really two
really cool rounds and yes if it's you
lasdin head writes
my comics like for videos about week
wanted and the block from new york
get excited about it until the
next time